README.md, before:

# modelserver [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/eclipsesource/modelserver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/eclipsesource/modelserver)
## Build the modelserver
To build and test the components execute the following maven goal in the root directory:
```bash
mvn clean install
```
To build the modelserver as standalone JAR execute the following maven goal in the root directory:
```bash
mvn clean install
```


## Run the modelserver
### Run the modelserver in an IDE
To run the example modelserver within an IDE, run the main method of [ExampleServerLauncher.java](https://github.com/eclipsesource/modelserver/blob/master/examples/com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example/src/main/java/com/eclipsesource/modelserver/example/ExampleServerLauncher.java) as a Java Application, located in the module `com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example`.


### Run the modelserver standalone JAR
To run the model server standalone JAR, run this command in your terminal:
```bash
cd  examples/com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example/target/
java -jar com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example-X.X.X-SNAPSHOT-standalone.jar
```

### Modelserver port
For running the modelserver the default port is `8081`.
To change the port, use the command line argument `--port=XXXX`.

## Use the modelserver API
If the modelserver is up and running, you can access the modelserver API via `http://localhost:8081/api/v1/*`.

The following table shows the current endpoints: 

|Description|HTTP method|Path|Input|Examples
|-|:-:|-|-|-
|Get model|__GET__|`/api/v1/models/:modeluri`|path parameter: `modeluri`| <ul><li>`/api/v1/models/Coffee.ecore`</li><li>`/api/v1/models/SuperBrewer3000.coffee`</li><li>`/api/v1/models/SuperBrewer3000.json`</li></ul>
|Get all loaded models|__GET__|`/api/v1/models`| -
|Get all loaded model URIs|__GET__|`/api/v1/modeluris`| -
|Create new model|__POST__|`/api/v1/models`|application/json
|Update model|__PATCH__|`/api/v1/models/:modeluri`|path parameter: `modeluri` <br> application/json
|Delete model|__DELETE__|`/api/v1/models/:modeluri`|path parameter: `modeluri`

Commit message:

Update build section in Readme
 * Add requirements
 * Update build and test command

README.md, after:

# modelserver [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/eclipsesource/modelserver.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/eclipsesource/modelserver)

## Requirements

 * Java 9 or higher (including `JAVA_HOME` pointing to it for the maven build)

## Build the modelserver
To build and test the components as a standalone JAR execute the following maven goal in the root directory:
```bash
mvn clean verify
```
To install the modelserver in your local maven repository execute the following maven goal in the root directory:
```bash
mvn clean install
```


## Run the modelserver
### Run the modelserver in an IDE
To run the example modelserver within an IDE, run the main method of [ExampleServerLauncher.java](https://github.com/eclipsesource/modelserver/blob/master/examples/com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example/src/main/java/com/eclipsesource/modelserver/example/ExampleServerLauncher.java) as a Java Application, located in the module `com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example`.


### Run the modelserver standalone JAR
To run the model server standalone JAR, run this command in your terminal:
```bash
cd  examples/com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example/target/
java -jar com.eclipsesource.modelserver.example-X.X.X-SNAPSHOT-standalone.jar
```

### Modelserver port
For running the modelserver the default port is `8081`.
To change the port, use the command line argument `--port=XXXX`.

## Use the modelserver API
If the modelserver is up and running, you can access the modelserver API via `http://localhost:8081/api/v1/*`.

The following table shows the current endpoints: 

|Description|HTTP method|Path|Input|Examples
|-|:-:|-|-|-
|Get model|__GET__|`/api/v1/models/:modeluri`|path parameter: `modeluri`| <ul><li>`/api/v1/models/Coffee.ecore`</li><li>`/api/v1/models/SuperBrewer3000.coffee`</li><li>`/api/v1/models/SuperBrewer3000.json`</li></ul>
|Get all loaded models|__GET__|`/api/v1/models`| -
|Get all loaded model URIs|__GET__|`/api/v1/modeluris`| -
|Create new model|__POST__|`/api/v1/models`|application/json
|Update model|__PATCH__|`/api/v1/models/:modeluri`|path parameter: `modeluri` <br> application/json
|Delete model|__DELETE__|`/api/v1/models/:modeluri`|path parameter: `modeluri`
